1. In the below elements which of them are values or an expression? eg:- values can be
integer or string and expressions will be mathematical operators.
*
hello
-87.8
-
/
+
6

Answers : 
1  Arithematic operater
2  string 
3  float value
4  Arithematic operater
5  Arithematic operater
6  Arithematic operater
7  integer value

2. What is the difference between string and variable?
Answers :
variable : variable is container which is used to store a value 
string : string in python enclose in single or double cotation


3. Describe three different data types.
Answers : 1  Numeric:   In Python, numeric data type represent the data which has numeric value. Numeric value can be integer, floating number or even complex numbers. These values are defined as int, float and complex class in Python.
2 Sequence Type:   In Python, sequence is the ordered collection of similar or different data types. Sequences allows to store multiple values in an organized and efficient fashion. There are several sequence types in Python 
3 bool :  Data type with one of the two built-in values, True or False. Boolean objects that are equal to True are truthy (true), and those equal to False are falsy (false). But non-Boolean objects can be evaluated in Boolean context as well and determined to be true or false. It is denoted by the class bool.



4. What is an expression made up of? What do all expressions do?
Answers : We can say an expression is a combination of values, variables, operators There are three kinds of expressions: An arithmetic expression evaluates to a single arithmetic value. A character expression evaluates to a single value of type character. A logical or relational expression evaluates to a single logical value. All expressions evaluate (that is, reduce) to a single value.

5. This assignment statements, like spam = 10. What is the difference between an
expression and a statement?
Answers: An expression evaluates to a single value. A statement does not.

6. After running the following code, what does the variable bacon contain?
bacon = 22
bacon + 1
Answers: The bacon variable is set to 22. The bacon + 1 expression does not reassign the value in bacon (that would need an assignment statement: bacon = bacon + 1)

7. What should the values of the following two terms be?
'spam' + 'spamspam'
spam * 3
Aswers: Both expressions evaluate to the string 'spamspamspam'



8. Why is eggs a valid variable name while 100 is invalid?
Answer : variable name can't start with numbers

9. What three functions can be used to get the integer, floating-point number, or string
version of a value?
Answers: The int(), float(), and str() functions respectively can be used to convert a value to an integer, a floating-point number, or a string?

10. Why does this expression cause an error? How can you fix it?
"I have eaten"  + 99 + " burritos."
Answers: The expression causes an error because 99 is an integer, and only strings can be concatenated to other strings with the + operator. The correct way is I have eaten ' + str(99) + ' burritos.'.